everyone is slowly de and I'm sorry I'm
a little bit behind on updating you guys
on my Hairfinity process and where is
going right now as you guys know I've
been taking your affinity I think since
July
yeah about June or July of this year so
I'm almost wrapping up the year and
everything like that so there were a
couple times I did stop the process
because I wanted to see what would
happen before I stopped for good because
my plants were only to be on Hairfinity
for a year so the first time I stopped
my hair started shutting really really
bad and someone gave me an idea and
matter of fact I did a video of what it
looked like the first time I stopped I'm
sorry I keep picking with my lip because
my hair is in my lip gloss so the first
time I stopped I did a video of that and
like I said someone suggested that I
start taking biotin or vitamin B and all
that to kind of wean myself off instead
of just stopping cold turkey so I think
that is worth a try and it's a good idea
to kind of just lower the dosage and not
have my body go into a complete state of
shock so another thing that I ended up
trying I have not done they're finicky
for this month and I ended up trying
this other vitamin this car excuse me
Rubick err it has beauty something again
that's for here now it's a hair in your
formula pro-collagen factors for thicker
and stronger nails filed to the zinc and
aloe vera this is endorsed by Kardashian
Kourtney Kardashian is endorsed by her
and you can get this I think for $9.99
at Walker it has 30 capsules in there
well not capsules but pills you take
today there's not that big and they're
hard heart capsules I keep some capsules
appeals they're hard so I've been taking
those and I have to say you guys look at
my hair like it's very thick but I did
just wash it today and everything it is
very thick it's not really holding the
curl or anything is still dry at the
ends this is my first time straightening
in a while I don't like this I don't
like my vitamin at all that I got it
because it doesn't work they're hot
that's why I feel that I haven't
experienced the growth that I got with
Hairfinity at all my hair is still very
brittle but I am a 3 C curl texture so
it is very fine and naturally anyway but
my hair hasn't grown that much they're
still relatively in the same spot that
it was in before to me let me make sure
I'm decent because this top is
see-through and I don't like you guys so
in the back is like it's my bra strap
that I can say like that has changed a
little bit so I mean like as far as the
front and stuff to see it just seems a
little off to me I don't know if it
changed to you guys but to me is a
little off and I went out tonight silly
that's why but yeah it just seems kind
of
funky-looking to me anyway but I can
honestly say I will not begin that
vitamin again I didn't experience the
growth like I said with Hairfinity and
all the properties that happen he has it
seems like it has most of that stuff in
your like silica I know her fitting is
to have aloe or grape skin and abstracts
or anything but it does have the MSM in
there but it doesn't have as much as a
Hairfinity so maybe that's the
difference between these two it's the
quantity of the ingredients that are in
this vitamin but after I did a whole lot
of research online about this a lot of
people said it didn't work for them
either so um I will be sticking with her
Finity and we'll be giving you guys a
update probably by the end of the year
or at least the beginning of the year
lights mid-january in January such time
like that I want to give it enough time
to grow some more so anyway I hope you
guys stay tuned in for the updates and
all of that and a lot of you have told
me that you have tried there infinity in
it's working wonders for you so if you
go on any of my videos people are always
telling me all the time they're ordering
this stuff I'm not endorsing them I
don't work for them I just like the
product because it works so anyway if
you guys could choose to check it out
get a chance to try it let me know how
it goes for you and post your results I
want to see everything I want to see the
pictures the videos if you can make them
everything and you can always set up my
fanpage that's another thing so um yeah
I will talk to you guys later